Non-namespaced resource limits (#12916)
gardener/gardener: docs/concepts/admission-controller.md

      apiVersions: ["*"]
      resources: ["shoots"]
      size: 100k
    - apiGroups: ["core.gardener.cloud"]
      apiVersions: ["*"]
      resources: ["projects"]

>       count: 20

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      count: 200
```

Nit - To be consistent with `20-garden.yaml`.

`resourceAdmissionConfiguration.operationMode` allows to control if a violating request is actually denied (default) or only logged.
It's recommended to start with `log`, check the logs for exceeding requests, adjust the limits if necessary and finally switch to `block`.

> In addition to that, it is also possible to restrict the number of **non-namespaced** resources, using the `count` field, like the example above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to that, it is also possible to restrict the number of **cluster-scoped** resources, using the `count` field, like the example above.
```

> In addition to that, it is also possible to restrict the number of **cluster-scoped** resources, using the `count` field, like the example above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to that, it is also possible to restrict the number of **cluster-scoped** resources, using the `count` field, like in the example above.
```

> This ensures that only a certain number of resources of the given type can exist in the cluster. Like size restrictions, subjects configured under `unrestrictedSubjects` are exempted from this restriction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This ensures that only a certain number of resources of the given type can exist in the cluster.
Similar to size restrictions, subjects configured under `unrestrictedSubjects` are exempted from this restriction.
```
